✨ Add automation to create release branch and tags (#9111)
kubernetes-sigs/cluster-api: docs/release/release-tasks.md

3. Update references in introduction.md only on the main branch (drop unsupported versions, add the new release version).
   <br>Prior art: [Add release 1.2 book link](https://github.com/kubernetes-sigs/cluster-api/pull/6697)

#### Create PR for release notes

> 1. Checkout the latest commit on the main branch.

Author: this is important: the notes _must_ be generated from and checked into the main branch

Author: That's a good question. @nawazkh @furkatgofurov7 does `notes.go` always need to be run from the commit we're releasing from?

Author: Ok, I checked and you were correct @sbueringer, the notes tool will generate notes from `PREVIOUS_TAG` to `HEAD` so this means base notes need to be generated from the release branch still, clarified the instructions.

The PR should still be open in the main branch.

```
		commitRange = lastTag()
		cmd = exec.Command("git", "rev-list", commitRange+"..HEAD", "--merges", "--pretty=format:%B") //nolint:gosec
```

    2. Ensure consistent formatting of entries (e.g. prefix).
       <br>**Note**: Check against the release notes of the [previous release](https://github.com/kubernetes-sigs/cluster-api/releases/latest), depending on the release branch you are currently working on (e.g. v1.3.6 when working on v1.3.7 or v1.4.2 when working on v1.4.3).
    3. Merge dependency bump PR entries for the same dependency into a single entry.
    4. Move minor changes into a single line at the end of each section.
    5. Sort entries within a section alphabetically.
    6. Write highlights section based on the initial release notes doc.
    7. Add the Kubernetes version support section and pay close attention to set the correct versions here.
       <br>**Note**: Check our [Kubernetes support policy](https://cluster-api.sigs.k8s.io/reference/versions.html#supported-kubernetes-versions) in the CAPI book. In case of doubt, reach out to the current release lead.
    8. **For minor releases** Modify `Changes since v1.x.y` to `Changes since v1.x`
       <br>**Note**: The release notes tool includes all merges since the previous release branch was branched of.

> 4. Open a pull request for the new release notes file with all manual edits.

Reviewer: to be more clearer:

```suggestion
4. Open a pull request with all manual edits to `CHANGELOG/<RELEASE_TAG>.md` which is used for the new release notes.
```

The Maintainer must be a person with write access to the Cluster API repo. They can hold another role in the release team. The Maintainer need only be involved in the release as required on days when releases are cut. They are not expected to take part in release team meetings or other activities, but should feel free to do so.

### Responsibilities

* Be available on release day in case the release team needs help with tag creation.
* Publish the release.
* Ensure a substitute is nominated if they are not available.

### Tasks

#### [Repeatedly] Publish the release

**NOTE:** clusterctl will have issues installing providers between the time the release tag is cut and the Github release is published. See [issue 7889](https://github.com/kubernetes-sigs/cluster-api/issues/7889) for more details

Publish the release.

>    1. The draft release should be automatatically created via the [Create Release GitHub Action](https://github.com/kubernetes-sigs/cluster-api/actions/workflows/release.yml) with release notes previously committed to the repo by the release team.

Reviewer: typo nit: `automatically`

Author: automatatically 😆 

thanks, good catch
